Seto alonso sido alonso started his
professional career in 2005 as the
assistant coach of a ito garcia renesis
in the day conve Calvin through Badalona
sido Alonzo is young but with infinite
experience to be able to work together
with a great coach like a ito helped
make him a master of specialization
Colvin - da da Luna will continue to
reap the fruit for his work with the
young teams and continue to do so for
many years to come and countless players
such as Ricky Rubio and Rudy Fernandez
to name a few
feel eternal gratitude to Seto Alonso
for the progress they made under his
coaching in the 2011-2012 season Seto
alonso restarted with the new chapter as
the new head coach of lagoon ro also
member of Liga Endesa
the club when sin Sebastiaan called him
not only to lead the team but most of
all to build a new project and due to
his great ability to work with young
players helping them to develop all
their potential Seto Alonso was named
best coach of the year in the ACB he is
also head coach of the Spanish national
team under 17 and he is considered one
of the Spanish coaches with the most
perspective
after the utter finishing decision I
talk with my audience sort of savage
about this economy because he told me
the reason there are players here
working with all of the year players
able to be working in Girona looking for
the future opportunity of the chance to
be a professional player for me where
was a surprise because now people wants
to get the vest without making a force
when you realize this kind of players
are here fighting for their future was a
surprise for me and I am very happy to
be here helping them
when you are working to be a
professional doesn't matter in soccer
and basketball you have to take a risk
no and maybe you have to live far if
country for your family live your since
the importance is to fight for your
dream no this economy gives the
opportunity to improve your basketball
level to keep a person talking about the
day general or other people who are in
the stats and to talk with your clubs
with your countries to give this kind of
opportunity and in this moment the
economic problems they are in in all of
the countries and only these kind of
things are able to help the players find
them that we know automatically
when you talk about one thing normally
the philosophy or the aptitude of the
character in this team is like the coach
no and when I am hearing how the stuff
in this economy talk about this project
I realize the ambition they have to do
the things well no if you are talking
with me about my team you have to know
if I have ambition yeah if I am a worker
coach and there are working people I am
sure they will get all of the things
they want to do
practicing with the players and realized
they have this spirit
I assure some players are able to play
in the second division in Spain of
course and maybe in the first division
in other countries if they realize the
level they have and they are working
step by step without playing a hurry
without looking for the drain or all of
the the opportunity in a hurry they are
able to do it because physically they
they have a very good con skills and
practices with difference ACB on
European cultures they are improving how
to play in Europe no and some of them
are able to arrive and sure
when when I was younger I never waste my
time thinking of I wanted to do to be a
professional coach the most important
thing for them is improve every day
improve every day without been thinking
of all I have to be I want to be a
professional player no in the meantime
you are thinking of that you are wasting
the things the most important things you
have to do with this kind of things with
this academics for example the coaches
are able to tell the players to say the
players their problems they have for the
things they have to improve and this is
the most important thing they have to do
only they work thinking of himself how
to be better player you know thinking of
the future and without thinking of the
present
you